hey what's up guys it's Kevin here today
I'm gonna show you my new house largest
pot in Windhelm and here's the outside
not too shabby
look sorry it's the second most
expensive house you buying the game arm
but I find the inside a little bit
cooler than the other one the other one
it's look it's larger has like three
floors or something but I'll find it as
cool as this one anyways it's twelve
thousand gold by nine thousand gold to
upgrade and let's go take a look inside
what about boom boom
okay here's the interior of the house um
there's still some blood on the floor I
actually don't know how to get rid of
this but it's from the previous quest
so anyways um there's two wardrobes
beside the exit or the entrance or
whatever for this one I filled it with
all the potions that I don't use anyways
and in this chest I keep all my soul
gems enchanting and guess you got a
dining table to eat and in here is the
kitchen and you got a little cooking pot
they can use to cook whatever you want
bunch of ingredients alright let's go
over here so there's a wardrobe over
here I just keep all my alchemy
ingredients I have a ton of alchemy
ingredients just because I don't do that
much alchemy and here's a little cool
thing it looks like a wardrobe once you
open it it turns out to be a like a
secret department and in here you got an
alchemy lab you got a like an enchanting
station again this is left from the
previous quests don't really know how to
get rid of it it's but oh no it's it's
pretty cool it's like a look gory
sacrificing sacrificial table or
whatever you call it anyways some
alchemy ingredients for this I filled it
up with my grant soul jumps just to make
it look a little bit cooler anyways
let's go let's go Kaldur alright
close it cool anyways let's go upstairs
so up here you got some display cases to
store weapons and you got two mannequins
over here put whatever armor you wished
in there you got a dagger display case
this is pretty cool you could change
whatever you want you can put on
whatever weapon or shield up here I just
can't do that lets doesn't look that bad
some animal heads more display cases
here's a weapon rack you dumb
whoa what was that sound let's scare the
crap out of me anyways here's a weapon
rack you could store whatever you weapon
you want another mannequin he's missing
his helmet that's weird
there we go much better that's creepy
the mannequins alive anyways for more
weapon racks I just put some bowls up
there and use the tiny room I guess this
is where your companion sleeps yeah
that's right jump on your bed anyways
and here's my favorite part the master
bedroom so you got two more display
cases over here that you can store
daggers in you got a tiny bench take a
seat chillax another wardrobe I keep all
my armor and weapons that I don't need
to use in here umm and for my bed I
covered it with the jewels just make it
look cool it's definitely not
comfortable to sleep on though anyways
in this chest I have all my blacksmith
ingredients bought a ton of that oh got
a lot of dragon bone and dragon scales
killed a lot of dragons what's weird is
my wife is supposed to be in here but I
guess she's she'd left the house or
something went for a walk
oh that's too bad I was gonna ask her if
she could make me something that's wait
anyways that's but that's about it oh
there she is
hey it's pleasing to see you it oh thank
you so nice to me would you mind cooking
something for me or your March is on the
gun here this should give you strength
I'll cook another tomorrow oh so nice of
you generous oh you're sweet fortune
smiles on us here's your share oh I
guess you get gold conquer your enemies
my long as she she makes gold for you
that's pretty cool anyways I chose her
because obviously as you can tell it's
the most beautiful woman in Skyrim
alright ok that's about it
um if there's anything else you want to
see in Skyrim or any other game on write
down in the comments tell me what you
want to see and I'll see you guys later